refactor: remove built-in daemon manager (#2183)
apache/apisix-dashboard: docs/en/latest/install.md

# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

Installing Apache APISIX Dashboard on Linux is easy.
Now, we provide Docker image and RPM installation package.

## Docker {#docker}

We recommend using Docker to run Dashboard:

```shell
docker pull apache/apisix-dashboard
docker run -d --name dashboard \
           -p 9000:9000        \
           -v <CONFIG_FILE>:/usr/local/apisix-dashboard/conf/conf.yaml \
           apache/apisix-dashboard
```

:::note
Please replace `<CONFIG_FILE>` to your configure file path.
:::

## RPM {#rpm}

> **NOTE:** Only support CentOS 7 currently, for more information, please refer to [here](./deploy.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Only CentOS 7 is supported currently, for more information, please refer to [here](./deploy.md).
```

### Launch {#source-launch}

1. After the build is complete and before you start, make sure the following dependencies are installed and running in your environment.

- [etcd](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4.0/dl-build/) 3.4.0+

2. Check and modify the configuration information in `output/conf/conf.yaml` according to your deployment environment.

3. Launch the Dashboard

```shell
cd ./output

./manager-api
```

4. Without changing the configuration, visit `http://127.0.0.1:9000` to use the dashboard with GUI, where the default username and password are `admin`.

### Other {#source-other}

#### Service {#source-other-service}

We provide a service file template for operating systems that use the Systemd service manager.

Copy the following or use this [**file**](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/tree/master/service/apisix-dashboard.service) directly.

```text
[Unit]
Description=apisix-dashboard
Conflicts=apisix-dashboard.service
After=network-online.target

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/usr/local/apisix-dashboard
ExecStart=/usr/local/apisix-dashboard/manager-api -c /usr/local/apisix-dashboard/conf/conf.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer: May I ask what is the system command when I want to use this way
